You're right actually.
I don't care enough about him
Anyway, you are just a business marriage
No emotional foundation
You don't like him either
Why didn't his dad tell me he owed money?
What the hell do you want to do to make money?
I don't know.
Probably because I don't want to cause you trouble.
There's no trouble between me and him
The Qiao family helped me before, and I will definitely help him too
Because he not only took this marriage
For commercial reasons
He likes you.
Because I like it.
So I dare not bother
Wait until you sign the divorce agreement
Contact again.
I still say that
If you want a divorce
Let him talk to me himself
Cheng Yu
What's wrong with me?
The doctor said you're fine
Are you still mad at me?
Cheng Yu, I just don't want to lose you
So I lied
What you said before
You said you would marry me after you took over Lu Enterprises
But you married buckwheat.
I'm really sorry.